The History of Ladies Auxiliary
 Moscarella Unit 199
 On March 15, 1923, the Ladies Auxiliary for Moscarella Unit 199 was organized at a
meeting of the Unit, held at the Spring Valley Hook and Ladder facility. Mrs. Eloise May
Levine was elected its first president. In addition to Mrs. Levine, the charter members
were:
 Mrs. Antonetta Moscarella
 Mrs. Sayde Brill
 Mrs. Marnice Sanderson
 Mrs. Edna Wallace
 Mrs. Grace Rosenbrock
 Mrs. Clara Benjamin
 Mrs. Alma Grahn
 Mrs. Mary Sherwood
 Mrs. Kate D. Moles
 Mrs. Martha Cureton
 Mrs. Anna Voorhis
 Ms. Carrie Schaefer
 Mrs. Nora Moles

---

 On March 22, 1928, the Department of the American Legion Auxiliary of the State of
New York officially incorporated the Anthony Moscarella Unit #199 of The American
Legion, following application by the Post Leadership that included:
 James Cureton
 Raymond Silas Pitt
 Harry Ball
 John R. Collins
 Sol Wallant
 Donald R. Sherwood
 Frank Krulish
 R. I. Stelley
 Mackey Rackow
 George Sanderson
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have made, subscribed and acknowledged this certificate
in duplicate this 22nd, day of March, 1928.
 Signed by
 Silas Raymond Pitt
 John R. Collins
 Sol Wallant
 Donald R. Sherwood
 Frank Krulish
 Sidney Kearsing

---

 The Unit turned the charter in as members started passing and the unit got smaller. In
2019 the National American Legion Auxiliary changed some of the regulations on
membership and now females Veterans are allowed to join under their own eligibility
and their male spouse is allowed to join under the eligibility of their wife as Veteran.
Maureen Morgan who is a Veteran, Re-activated Unit 199 in January of 2024 and there
are now 17 members in Unit 199. Maureen is a dual member of Post 199 as a Veteran
and Auxiliary member, and her husband Ike is a dual member as Son of the American
Legion and an Auxiliary member through the eligibility of Maureen.
Maureen was sworn in as the Department of New York American Legion Auxiliary
President on July 18, 2025.
This is the first is Rockland County’s History that there has been a dual member named
as the Department President for the State of New York.
 The last Department President from Rockland County was Mrs. Katherine Johnson in
1962 – 1963.
 It has been 62 years since Rockland County has had a Department President. Post/Unit
199 is on the map with the first dual member to be a Department President from
Rockland County.
 Unit 199 has their first male President. Mr. Ike Bosford is the Unit President for Unit 199.
 He is also the SAL Detachment Historian for the Department of New York.